What is the cause of collective resignation?
They didn't say.
But I heard a little story.
They said their former colleagues poached them.
Former colleague
Kidnapping.
It must be him.
Director General Zhang, what should we do now?
The project is paralyzed.
If there's any more problems, we can do it at 1: 30.
He dares to dig, we can find it again, but in a short time.
Mr. Ichiki, can you help me think of a way?
Some engineers don't know anything.
They're leaving.
Let's exchange another bottle.
I didn't look at the wrong person.
How's it going?
I've found some good friends.
Enough to replace the Giang Vinh Group project
Great, which also thought of changing the project department to my people to make more money, now selling well.
God, me too.
What?
Manager Chen, his ability is beyond doubt.
The rest of the staff were together day and night.
Time of cooperation
Great, it's going to be hard next, guys, are we just starting to tell Jiang the truth anyway?
Mr. Ha, please rest assured.
If there is a promise, there is no backward problem.
But recently Jiang Vinh's new landmark design has been half completed.
We're just getting started.
That person.
Well, that's just a published design sketch.
There are design flaws.
A lot of numerical calculations have yet to be completed.
If they keep using my sketches
When the jury will definitely go to customs.